This repository is provided as supplementary material to JASA-07019, "Large-aperture experimental characterization of the acoustic field generated by a hovering unmanned aerial vehicle." The data set was collected using a custom microphone array and contains sound pressure level measurements of the acoustic field generated by a live hovering UAV. The sound pressure level data set (AcousticModel/Experimental_Data.mat) is accompanied by a machine learning model which fits the experimental data and provides predictions of the UAV noise over a large geometric area. This work was conducted as part of a collaboration between the Sound and Vibrations Laboratory and the ADAMS Laboratory within the department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering at the University at Buffalo. Please contact the journal article corresponding author, Mostafa Nouh, or Souma Chowdhury for more information.

# Machine Learning Models
The file to run for generating the machine learning models for the acoustic field prediction is _ML/main.py_. This will train either a pure data driven model or a sequential hybrid physics infused model based on the data provided to it saved as data.mat. Network properties of the ML model are defined in config1.py. Sample properties for a pure data driven model and a PIMl model are shown in _ML/config1\_DD.py_ and _ML/config1\_PP.py respectively_.

# Partial Physics Model
Creating samples for the PIML architecture involves running of the partial physics model. This can be done by running code _AcousticModel/Sample\_Calling.mat_. The parameters to be used for the partial physics model are defined inside the function. The detailed description of the meaning of the parameters can be found in _AcousticModel/spherical\_wave\_sim.mat_.
